add pull request template (#1754)
rancher/k3s: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> <!-- HTML Comments can be left in place or removed, dealers choice. They are present simply to guide you on your pull-request journey. --> 

Reviewer: Question for anyone putting in PRs: Are HTML comments in the template a good idea?

Reviewer 2: I'm just a lowly community member, but imo the comments make more sense to me for issues where people might need to be guided through filling out the template. Hopefully anyone putting in a PR can figure it out on their own?

Reviewer: You would hope so, but for some where english is a second language or translated the comments may not be direct enough. I have also mistakenly entered information in a comment only to find out later it did not render correctly.

I like the approach longhorn has taken with issue templates a little more where it should be pretty obvious what needs to be filled in (https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md)

Ultimately I am ok with either approach tho, just wanted to open it to discussion.

Author: Would it make sense to do a trial run of both for a period of time, measure their success or failures, and go with the one that makes things best, at the end of that trial period?

Proposed changes
======
<!-- 

Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the maintainers why we should accept this pull request. If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue.

-->

Types of changes
======
<!-- 

What types of changes does your code introduce to Rancher?
- Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

-->

Verification
======
<!---

How can the changes be verified? Please provide whatever additional information necessary to help verify the proposed changes.

-->

Linked Issues
======
<!--

Link any related issues, pull-requests, or commit hashes that are relavent to this pull-request.

> If you are opening a PR without a corresponding issue create an issue before you do, [here](https://github.com/rancher/k3s/issues). This will help QA massively. PR's opened without linked issues will not be merged until an issue is created and linked here. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are opening a PR without a corresponding issue please consider creating one first, [here](https://github.com/rancher/k3s/issues). This will help QA massively. PR's opened without linked issues will not be merged until an issue is created and linked here. 
```

> If you are opening a PR without a corresponding issue please consider creating one first, [here](https://github.com/rancher/k3s/issues). This will help QA massively. PR's opened without linked issues will not be merged until an issue is created and linked here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are opening a PR without a corresponding issue please consider creating one first, [here](https://github.com/rancher/k3s/issues). A functional example will greatly help QA with verifying/reproducing a bug or testing new features.
```
